Java:
1.OOPS features
2.Why should hashcode and equals is overridden?
3.ClassnotFoundException VS ClassDefinitionNofound error
4.what is automic integer
5.Immutable class in java and how we can create own immutable class.
write immutable class and what if able to hack the date 
6.What is the use of Serialization and if we change the serializable version id in a later release then what will happen.
7.Callable vs Runnable
8.HashMap vs concurrent Hasmap VS Synchronized map
9.Comparable Vs Comparator
10.String str ="AnandWesly" find out first non repitative character.
11. HashMap key is String and new String difference
12.Overridding vs overloading
13.what is synchronized block
14.what is Join and wait
15.Checked and Unchecked exceptions
16.what is streams and capturing in java
17.Inheritance class
18.Find numeric and alphanumeric in a given string 
19.What is garbage collection
20.Lambda expression and syntax and how can handle exception in lamda expression
21.JVM vs JRE vs JDK
22.What is optional class in java 8
23.What is the use of default method in interface java 8
24.what is the difference between flatmap and map in stream
25.what is map in stream API

26.What is memory leak and how to solve it.
27.what is heap and stack overflow

DataStructure:
1.Write your custom arraylist.
2.What is singleton pattern
3.Implementation of binary search tree
4.two integer sorted array and merge to single sorted array

SPRING:

1.How the spring container loads the bean? does it validate the beans while loading?
2.what is the extra feature get from pointcut
3.what will happen if the class is lazy loading and the child class is not.
4.what is the benefit of spring and why should use it
5.How IOC works?

EJB:
Different types of beans

REST API

1.what is Etag
2.HTTP methods and why POST VS PUT
3.Rest API status code
4.How the REST api will be registered.


PLSQL
1.Function VS stored procedure
2.How will handle the oracle exceptions
3.Primay key VS Unique key
4.How to get the table schema from Java
5.Write query to get the employee hierarchy records.
6. Result of select * from table, table1
7.Delete vs drop vs truncate
8.what is inline query
9.How to add role




















